Enable linux boringcrypto builds (#796)
grafana/alloy: CHANGELOG.md

- (_Public preview_) Add support for setting GOMEMLIMIT based on cgroup setting. (@mattdurham)

- (_Public preview_) Introduce `boringcrypto` and `cngcrypto` Docker images.
  These Docker images are tagged with the `-boringcrypto` (for Linux) and

>   `-cngcrypto` (for Windows) suffixes. `boringcrypto` support is only available

Reviewer: Can you also remove the reference to CNGCrypto in the documentation for the Windows installation?

> - (_Public preview_) Introduce `boringcrypto` Docker image.
>   This Docker image is tagged with the `-boringcrypto` and is 
>   only available on AMD64 and ARM64.

Reviewer: I think we should specify that it's only for Linux here:

```suggestion
- (_Public preview_) Introduce BoringCrypto Docker images.
  The BoringCrypto image is tagged with the `-boringcrypto` suffix and 
  is only available on AMD64 and ARM64 Linux containers.
```
